Contributing to DevUI
Thank you for your interest in contributing to Number_guessing! 🎉 We welcome contributions of all types, from bug fixes and new components to design improvements and documentation.

This guide will help you get started quickly.


Table of Contents
How to Contribute
Setting Up the Project
Code Guidelines
Submitting a Pull Request
Issues & Feature Requests
Code of Conduct


How to Contribute
You can contribute by:

Adding new shadcn/ui components
Improving existing components
Fixing bugs
Enhancing UI/UX design, animations, or responsiveness
Improving documentation or code examples

Every contribution counts and is greatly appreciated! 🙌


Setting Up the Project
Fork the repository
Clone your fork locally:

git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/Number_guessing.git

cd Number_guessing

Install dependencies:

pip install requirements.txt

Start building or editing components


Code Guidelines
Use modern React + shadcn/ui patterns
Keep code clean, readable, and well-formatted
Write descriptive variable and function names
Ensure components are fully responsive
Use consistent styling and dark theme gradients
Add comments where necessary


Submitting a Pull Request
Create a new branch for your changes:

git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name

Make your changes and commit:

git commit -m "Add descriptive commit message"

Push your branch to your fork:

git push origin feature/your-feature-name

Open a Pull Request against the main repository. Include:

Description of your changes
Screenshot or GIF (if UI changes)
Issue number (if applicable)

Your PR will be reviewed, and feedback may be provided.


Issues & Feature Requests
Check existing issues before creating a new one
Use clear, descriptive titles and explanations
Tag issues as hacktoberfest if you want them to count for Hacktoberfest contributions


Code of Conduct
Please read our Code of Conduct before contributing. We want DevUI Components to be a welcoming and inclusive community.


Hacktoberfest 2025
This project is Hacktoberfest-friendly!

Look for issues labeled hacktoberfest
PRs fixing bugs or adding new components count toward your Hacktoberfest contributions
Make sure your PRs are high-quality, well-tested, and documented


Thank You! 💜
Your contributions help make DevUI Components better for everyone. Together, we can build a stunning, open-source component library for the community! 🚀

